Fix: user vscode url to open vscode (#253)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-toolchain-manager: Changelog.md

-   Skipping installing VS Code extension will not reopen the same dialog.
-   Multiple confirmation dialogs will not overlap each other and instead
    temporarily hide one of them.

> -   Open VS Code work also when code was not added to PATH

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Open VS Code works also when the VS Code was not added to the system `PATH`.
```
